README.md, before:

# AngularJS MultiSelect
Pure AngularJS directive which creates a dropdown button with multiple or single selections. 
Doesn't require jQuery and works well with other Javascript libraries. 

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/isteven/angular-multi-select/master/screenshot.png)

### Demo & How To 
Go to http://isteven.github.io/angular-multi-select

### Current Version
4.0.0

### Change Log
See <a href="https://github.com/isteven/angular-multi-select/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md">CHANGELOG.md</a>. 
For those who's upgrading from version 2.x.x, do note that this version is not backward-compatible. Please read the manual
thoroughly and update your code accordingly. 

### Bug Reporting
Please follow these steps:

1. **READ THE MANUAL AGAIN**. You might have missed something. This includes the MINIMUM ANGULARJS VERSION and the SUPPORTED BROWSERS.
2. The next step is to search in Github's issue section first. There might already be an answer for similar issue. Do check both open and closed issues.
3. If there's no previous issue found, then please create a new issue in https://github.com/isteven/angular-multi-select/issues.
4. Please **replicate the problem in JSFiddle or Plunker** (or any other online JS collaboration tool), and include the URL in the issue you are creating.
5. When you're done, please close the issue you've created.

### Licence
Released under the MIT license:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Ignatius Steven (https://github.com/isteven)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Layout tweaks. Truncate long descriptions.

README.md, after:


# AngularJS MultiSelect - Tweaks

All the credits to http://isteven.github.io/angular-multi-select 

Only differences from the original version to this version are some layout tweaks. Now the directive is fully responsive and will truncate item description when it is too long.

You can see it working in here:

http://codepen.io/jonneves/pen/XKWmpr

# AngularJS MultiSelect - Original Description

Pure AngularJS directive which creates a dropdown button with multiple or single selections. 
Doesn't require jQuery and works well with other Javascript libraries. 

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/isteven/angular-multi-select/master/screenshot.png)

### Demo & How To 
Go to http://isteven.github.io/angular-multi-select

### Current Version
4.0.0

### Change Log
See <a href="https://github.com/isteven/angular-multi-select/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md">CHANGELOG.md</a>. 
For those who's upgrading from version 2.x.x, do note that this version is not backward-compatible. Please read the manual
thoroughly and update your code accordingly. 

### Bug Reporting
Please follow these steps:

1. **READ THE MANUAL AGAIN**. You might have missed something. This includes the MINIMUM ANGULARJS VERSION and the SUPPORTED BROWSERS.
2. The next step is to search in Github's issue section first. There might already be an answer for similar issue. Do check both open and closed issues.
3. If there's no previous issue found, then please create a new issue in https://github.com/isteven/angular-multi-select/issues.
4. Please **replicate the problem in JSFiddle or Plunker** (or any other online JS collaboration tool), and include the URL in the issue you are creating.
5. When you're done, please close the issue you've created.

### Licence
Released under the MIT license:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Ignatius Steven (https://github.com/isteven)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
